---
layout: post
title: IFLG Phase 1
---
The 2015 Presidents Cup is taking place (right now) at the Jack Nicklaus club in **Incheon, South Korea**. This is the first time the cup has been held anywhere in Asia &mdash; which is cool for [SO MANY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Presidents_Cup) reasons. 

As I write this it's **11:57pm on Thursday night** in Denver, CO...which means the matches are taking place *live*, right now, at **2:57pm on Friday afternoon** in Korea. I should've been asleep long ago, yet I'm here on the couch watching golf matches that are taking place 6,000 miles away (and technically tomorrow).

(Quick tangent, I'm so glad golf is most popular in the USA. Have you ever wandered into a pub-like breakfast spot and seen some dudes at the bar watching soccer/rugby/whatever?. Now *THAT* is true insanity. If I had to tune in at 11pm or 7am for each PGA tournament I would easily watch 99% less of them).

Why am I discussing this? 

I love golf. I'm up watching it at 11:57pm on a Thursday (now 12:08am on a Friday) because it's one of my favorite aspects of life. I love golf&mdash;and I also love technology. It's always been a huge personal goal of mine to find a way to bridge the two in some meaninful context. I'm not planning to engineer a new revolutionary training tool...or build an app that somehowfinds your ball in the weeds...but I am hoping to make a positive impact on the existing and potential golf community (which I believe everyone should have the chance to experience).

This isn't an announcement post. It's just a way for me to say that I've started something I'm extremely excited about. The vast majority of these recent 'learning' posts were crafted with this end-goal in mind...as well as many of the career choices I've made over the last ~7 years.

It's going to be a fun ride. Hopefully I don't disappoint.











