---
layout: post
title: Poems
categories: Random
tags: reading poems
---
We are constantly entrenched in the practical use of language. Sometimes it's nice to step away from that and appreciate its artistic expression as well.

I received this email from Alison this morning (which inspired this post entirely):

> Wanted to take 5 minutes today, and might start to do so everyday, to read a new poem. I came upon this one...it's great.

<div style="font-family:Georgia; font-size:1em;">

<p align="center"><strong><br />My Bad Hearing Does Not Trouble Me Here</strong><br />
<i>by Ludwig van Beethoven</i><br />
</p>
<br />
My bad hearing<br />
Does not trouble me here.<br />
In the country<br />
Every tree <br />
Seems to talk to me, saying, "Holy! Holy!"<br />
Inside the forest is enchantment<br />
Which expresses all things –<br />
Sweet peace of the forest! <br />
<br />
Almighty, I am happy<br />
In the woods,<br />
Blessed<br />
In the woods,<br />
Every tree has a voice<br />
Through thee.<br />
<br />
O God, what glory<br />
In such a woodland place!<br />
On the heights is peace –<br />
Peace  to serve thee –<br />
<br />
How glad am I<br />
Once again<br />
To be able to wander<br />
In forest and thicket<br />
Among the trees,<br />
The green things and the rocks.<br />
No mortal can love<br />
The country as I do;<br />
For woods and trees and rocks <br />
Return the echo<br />
A man desires.<br />
<br />
</div>

---

_For woods and trees and rocks return the echo a man desires_ &mdash; to me, this is what the poem is about. And for many (myself included), this is a big part of what life is about. Perhaps that's why I spend so much time seeking mountains, rivers, and the 18th green :golf:.

More random resources:

- [My Favorite Poem](https://charlesbukowski.wikispaces.com/Oh,+Yes) (currently)
- [Which is your favorite poem and why?](https://www.quora.com/Which-is-your-favourite-poem-and-why) on Quora.
- [36 Life Changing Poems Everyone Should Read](http://www.buzzfeed.com/krystieyandoli/life-changing-poems-everyone-should-read#.bfq7RpErw) from Buzzfeed (who else?)


